Use fc from command prompt (not inside gitbash)

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was able to quickly show where the files changed and where any typos may exist

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will allow you to see the evolution of the code and where bugs were introduced;
    It will save time in finding bugs as well as restoring previous versions if changes need to be rolled back.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The manual method allows you to better control (name?) your interim versions so that you can
    easily go back to the desired versions.
    It also allows you to save at logical checkpoints, rather than arbitrary points.
    It reduces the probability that a saved commit produces compoile or link errors.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Probably because of what it typically is used for saving. Documents are typically singular elements, so 
    since Google Docs is primaru=ily used for documents, it makes sense that it performs the way that it does.
    
    However, from a developer's standpoint, many files can be changed in a project and it makes sense to save
    all of the changes to the project at the same time. This also prevents me from inadvertantly missing the
    saving of a file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows all of the versions of a file. You can get the version IDs and then use git diff to see the
    individual changes that occurred between versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I know I can always go back to a known state that works.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To better understand how/when to use it so that I can be more efficient in my future work.